testsys: Add declarative testing through `Test.toml` (#2393)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: TESTING.md

Now that you have the testsys cluster set up, it's time to run a Bottlerocket integration test!

### Configuration

There are many arguments that can be configured via environment variables with `cargo make`; however, it is possible to create a configuration file instead.

> Check out the [example config file](tools/testsys/Test.toml.example) for a sample `Test.toml` file.

Reviewer: In other places where a configuration file is used, there is documentation that explains a few fields of the configuration file, and what happens when they are set, `Test.toml` should have something similar, and you should provide snippets explaining what will happen when used.

Author: Do we need more documentation than the example config has?

Reviewer: I won't argue about this since it seems like we already link to example configuration files to explain the different sections they have. We could consider not doing so, and do what other open source projects do: provide a document to explain the purpose of each section.

Now that you have the testsys cluster set up, it's time to run a Bottlerocket integration test!

### Configuration

> There are many arguments that can be configured via environment variables with `cargo make`; however, it is possible to create a configuration file instead.
> Check out the [example config file](tools/testsys/Test.toml.example) for a sample `Test.toml` file.

Reviewer 2: I stumbled on this a little bit because I was thinking about a configuration file for `cargo make` (like an `.env` file). I think it could be said a bit more directly. Here's an attempt:

```suggestion
Tests can be configured either by passing environment variables to `cargo make`, or by creating a `Test.toml` configuration file.
Check out the [example config file](tools/testsys/Test.toml.example) for a sample `Test.toml` file.
```

> To support different instance types on regular `aws-k8s` variants and `nvidia` `aws-k8s` variants, the following configuration could be used.

Reviewer 2: Sorry to be so nit picky with the documentation... something about the word "regular" doesn't sit right. Would it work to let the example speak for itself?

(Also, this PR confirms my instinct that we want a newline to precede code blocks https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2283/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5L490)

```suggestion
For example, we can specify different instance types based on variant requirements:

```

Reviewer: Nit on the nit: use "you" instead of "we".

```yaml
[aws-k8s]
# Set the default instance type for all `aws-k8s` variants
instance-type = "m5.xlarge"

[aws-k8s-nvidia]
# Override the instance type for `nvidia` `aws-k8s` variants
instance-type = "g5g.2xlarge"
```

> Since `aws-k8s-nvidia` which is a `<FAMILY>-<FLAVOR>` level configuration it will take precedence over `aws-k8s` which is `<FAMILY>` level configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `aws-k8s-nvidia` is a `<FAMILY>-<FLAVOR>` level configuration it will take precedence over `aws-k8s` which is `<FAMILY>` level configuration.
```
